README.md, before:

# GithubMini

## Description
It is a website where users may enter a user's GitHub username into a form, submit it, and see names and descriptions of that person's public repositories. A person can also run a specified search for repositories.
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.6.

## Requirements

To view: It has been tested on Chrome, Chromium and Mozilla Firefox.

## Technologies Used

HTML, CSS, AngularJS

## BDD

| BEHAVIOUR    | INPUT   |  OUTPUT |
| :------------- | :------------- | :--------------- |
| Search username    | Github username  | Github name and description of public repositories |
| Display repositories| Repository name  | Github repositories of the user.|

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

debugging why profile must load on console only after opening the console

README.md, after:

# GithubMini

## Description
It is a website where users may enter a user's GitHub username into a form, submit it, and see names and descriptions of that person's public repositories. A person can also run a specified search for repositories.
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.6.

## Requirements

To view: It has been tested on Chrome, Chromium and Mozilla Firefox.

## Technologies Used

HTML, CSS, AngularJS

## BDD

| BEHAVIOUR    | INPUT   |  OUTPUT |
| :------------- | :------------- | :--------------- |
| Search username    | Github username  | Github name and description of public repositories |
| Display repositories| Repository name  | Github repositories of the user.|

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Known Bugs
One must open console for it to show github user.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
